[CUBRIDMAN-266] [EN] 변경된 PL 서버 (cub_pl) 동작 변경에 대한 설명 추가/변경 (#624)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/jsp.rst

Java Stored Function/Procedure
******************************

> CUBRID는 Java로 저장 함수와 프로시저를 개발할 수 있도록 지원한다. Java 저장 함수와 프로시저는 CUBRID에서 호스팅한 Java 가상 머신(JVM, Java Virtual Machine)에서 실행된다.

Reviewer: 한글입니다.

Author: 수정했습니다.

===================================

Using the Java Native Interface (JNI), you can invoke functions in native languages like C/C++ from the Java Virtual Machine (JVM). 

> Java Stored Procedures (SP) in CUBRID provide support for JNI functionality, but you should be cautious when using it because issues in native code can have unexpected impacts on the stored routine server (cub_plsp) process and its operation.

Reviewer: cub_plsp --> cub_pl

Author: ```suggestion
Java Stored Procedures (SP) in CUBRID provide support for JNI functionality, but you should be cautious when using it because issues in native code can have unexpected impacts on Procedural Languge Server (cub_pl) process and its operation.
```
